Date: 27.11.2024
Time: 14:45 
Location: Drebbelweg PC3
Chair: Alexandru Popa
Minute Taker: Daniel Kolev
Attendees: Everyone


Agenda items:

- Opening (1 min)
- Approval of the agenda + check-in(2 min)
	• We decided to add a new point to satisfy the Potentially shippable project criteria
- Announcements by the TA (1 min)
	• Code of conduct deadline Friday. We agreed that Julian will submit it on Brightspace.
- Potentially shippable project (3 min)
- Conversation during the meeting (39 min)

    - Does anyone have any problems with their tasks (to much to do, can't do it, etc)? (3 min)
	• No help needed by anyone. Alexandru has a problem but he tried to do it first.
    - Divide new tasks to people who finished (if necessary) (3 min)
	• We will all create a new issue which is to test the current feature we are working on.
    - Set next meeting and deadlines (1 min)
	• Next meeting Friday, after classes, online
    - How do we measure work so we can split tasks equally(how many hours will each of the tasks we have now take)? (4 min)
	• We use the estimate/spend on each issue in gitlab
    - Should we have one person that coordinates everyone else and that changes every week, so we each have out turn? (3 min)
	• We agreed that we will choose on one person that will be in charge every week. He will have to create issues/ milestones.
	  The chair will be encouraged to do it.
    - How do we handle naming the branches? (4 min)
	• Names of branches should be understandable
    - What do we consider a review before a merge, who approves the MRs? (4 min)
	• Taking a deep look, understanding it, and giving pros and cons about the code.
    - How deeply should we understand each other's code? (2 min)
	• We dedicated Friday's meetings to people explain there code to the whole team. This way the whole team knows everything from the code.
    - What should we do if someone's code introduces a bug? (3 min)
	• We try to fix main as fast as possible.
    - Who writes test cases? Do we each write tests for our own code? (2 min)
	• Yes, refer to the question in the beginning.
    - What if one of us doesn't like how someone else handled a certain task or feels like it can be improved? (2 min)
	• He will give feedback before the merge. The person should then try to fix the code or ask for help.
    - Who is responsible for resolving merge conflicts? (4 min)
	• The people that have a conflict try to talk it through and agree on a solution. If not the rest of the team joins.
    - What if multiple people want to work at the same time? Do we all work and try to handle the conflicts or should we take turns tu simplify the process? (4 min)
	• We will announce on Discord when we start working and on what


- Summary (2 min)
	Summary of everyone's work:
	• Maks - Start with collections (Issue #4 in Gitlab) and also create a new Issue that is testing the feature he did
	• Alexandru - Do the preview of the notes as well as delete notes (Issue #6 in GitLab) and also create new Issue tests for the feature
	• Kaan  - Create the Tags, do tests and add the description entity (Issue #3 in GitLab)
	• Marcin - Start with notes, connect them to a database, adding notes (Issue #1 in GitLab) and also create a new Issue with the tests for the Note entity
	• Julian - Creating the block of text for notes. Be able to write in italics and bold (Issue #5) and also create a new Issue with the tests for this task
	• Daniel - Create the Title implementation, be able to change the title and update it in the database (Issue #2) also create a new Issue with the tests for this implementation.
	
- Feedback regarding the agenda and Questions (2 min)
- Planned duration (49 minutes)

